there are few animals in the world
there was arrogant to human presence as
around there my nerve has dropped to my
boots my house dropped to methylone the
bear just walking by catching sin it is
heart stopping to get this close to the
Bears and there are definite rules that
I must stick to one is never to directly
approach a bear within 50 yards but if
the bear approaches me I mustn't run
away as this would be an invitation to
attack backing away can signal to the
bear that I'm subservient you have to
present yourself as a non-threatening
non-food item become and hold your
ground
easy well now we came to this little
valley because there's a couple of
things here which might mean it's a good
focus for for bear activity we've got a
bank full of salmon berries up there
which is a small grass behind fruit
we've got a salmon run happening crow
front of us we've also got a bear
walking up and down the river catching
salmon in front of us there are more
than 30,000 brown bears throughout
Alaska more than in Canada and the rest
of the states combined and here they're
bigger than anywhere else thanks to a
diet of seafood clams crabs and even the
odd whale carcass full of calories and
full of goodness and there's the old
salmon or too
you